{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17763}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 FEVER\par
Symptoms\par
Common symptoms associated with fever include sweating, shivering, headaches, muscle aches, poor appetite, rash, restlessness and general body weakness. High fever can lead to symptoms of mental dysfunction, such as confusion, excessive sleepiness, irritability and convulsions (seizures)Convulsions triggered by fever (febrile seizures) are common among children younger than 5 years. These seizures usually occur at the beginning of an illness when temperature rises rapidly. In infants and toddlers, febrile seizures typically cause generalized shaking and muscle rigidity. They usually last one to three minutes and are often followed by a long period of sleep.Specific symptoms associated with a fever often can provide clues to help identify the fever's cause. For example, a fever accompanied by vomiting and diarrhea may signal gastroenteritis, and a fever associated with coughing, shortness of breath and grayish-yellow phlegm may indicate pneumonia.\par
TREATMENT-\par
Prevention\par
You can reduce your risk of getting illnesses that cause fever by adopting these healthy habits:Practice good hygiene by washing your hands frequently with soap and warm water, especially after using the toilet and before eating.Limit exposure to crowds and to people with known infections.Cook and store foods properly to avoid food poisonin.Keep a record of your current immunizations. Review this record with your doctor every year to confirm that your immunizations are up-to-date.Contact your doctor before traveling to a foreign country to receive any recommended immunizations before your trip.\par
\par
Drink plenty of water and fruit juices to prevent dehydration (abnormally low levels of body water). Fluids help to cool your body and they replenish vital salts and minerals (electrolytes), which may be lost during vomiting or diarrhea.Eat light foods that are easy to digest.Get plenty of rest.Take ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin or others), acetaminophen (Tylenol) or aspirin according to label directions. Fever may help to fight infection, so there is a controversy about whether fever should be treated routinely or only if it is particularly severe.\par
Paracetamol\par
Generic Name: paracetamol (oral/rectal) (par RA cet a MOL)\par
Alternate Name: acetaminophen (a SEET a MIN oh fen)\par
call doc when-\par
Loss of consciousness\par
Confusion\par
Stiff neck\par
Difficulty breathing\par
Severe pain anywhere in the body (especially the head, chest or abdomen)\par
Swelling or inflammation of any part of the body\par
\\\par
\par
\b0 SORE THROAT -\par
Symptoms\par
Pain or a scratchy sensation in the throat\par
Pain that worsens with swallowing or talking\par
Difficulty swallowing\par
Sore, swollen glands in your neck or jaw\par
Swollen, red tonsils\par
White patches or pus on your tonsils\par
Hoarse or muffled voice\par
Fever\par
Cough\par
Runny nose\par
Sneezing\par
Body aches\par
Headache\par
Nausea or vomiting\par
\par
visit doc-\par
A sore throat that is severe or lasts longer than a week\par
Difficulty swallowing\par
Difficulty breathing\par
Difficulty opening your mouth\par
Joint pain\par
Earache\par
Rash\par
Fever higher than 101 F (38.3 C)\par
Blood in saliva or phlegm\par
Frequently recurring sore throats\par
A lump in your neck\par
Hoarseness lasting more than two weeks\par
\b Prevention\par
\b0 Wash your hands thoroughly and frequently, especially after using the toilet, before eating, and after sneezing or coughing.\par
Avoid sharing food, drinking glasses or utensils.\par
Cough or sneeze into a tissue and throw it away. When necessary, sneeze into your elbow.\par
Use alcohol-based hand sanitizers as an alternative to washing hands when soap and water aren't available.\par
Avoid touching public phones or drinking fountains with your mouth.\par
Regularly clean telephones, TV remotes and computer keyboards with sanitizing cleanser. When you travel, clean phones and remotes in your hotel room.\par
Avoid close contact with people who are sick.\par
\b Chloraseptic (Phenol Oral Spray and Rinse)\par
Generic Name: Phenol Oral Spray and Rinse (FEE nole)\par
Brand Name: Chloraseptic\par
Acetaminophen (Tylenol) or ibuprofen (Advil or Motrin) \par
\par
BRONCHITIS-\par
\b0 Symptoms\par
For either acute bronchitis or chronic bronchitis, signs and symptoms may include:\par
Cough\par
Production of mucus (sputum), which can be clear, white, yellowish-gray or green in color \f1\emdash  rarely, it may be streaked with blood\par
Fatigue\par
Shortness of breath\par
Slight fever and chills\par
Chest discomfort\par
If you have acute bronchitis, you might have cold symptoms, such as a mild headache or body aches. While these symptoms usually improve in about a week, you may have a nagging cough that lingers for several weeks.\par
Chronic bronchitis is defined as a productive cough that lasts at least three months, with recurring bouts occurring for at least two consecutive years.\par
If you have chronic bronchitis, you're likely to have periods when your cough or other symptoms worsen. At those times, you may have an acute infection on top of chronic bronchitis.\par
\b See your doctor if your cough:\b0\par
Lasts more than three weeks\par
Prevents you from sleeping\par
Is accompanied by fever higher than 100.4 F (38 C)\par
Produces discolored mucus\par
Produces blood\par
Is associated with wheezing or shortness of breath\par
\b\f0\lang16393 medicine-\b0\par
Azithromycin 3 Day Dose Pack\par
Generic Name: azithromycin (a ZITH roe MYE sin)\par
Brand Name: Azithromycin 3 Day Dose Pack, Azithromycin 5 Day Dose Pack, Zithromax, Zithromax TRI-PAK, Zithromax Z-Pak, Zmax\par
\b\par
COMMON COLD\par
\b0 Symptoms - \par
Runny or stuffy nose\par
Sore throat\par
Cough\par
Congestion\par
Slight body aches or a mild headache\par
Sneezing\par
Low-grade fever\par
Generally feeling unwell (malaise)\par
The discharge from your nose may become thicker and yellow or green in color as a common cold runs its course. This isn't an indication of a bacterial infection.\par
When to see a doctor\par
For adults \f1\emdash  seek medical attention if you have:\par
Fever greater than 101.3 F (38.5 C)\par
Fever lasting five days or more or returning after a fever-free period\par
Shortness of breath\par
Wheezing\par
Severe sore throat, headache or sinus pain\par
\b\f0 TREATMENT\b0\par
benadryl,Cetirizine\par
Diphenhydramine\par
Generic Name: diphenhydramine (DYE fen HYE dra meen)\par
Brand Names: Allergy Relief, Allermax, Banophen, Benadryl, Compoz Nighttime Sleep Aid, Diphedryl, Diphenhist, Dytuss, Nytol QuickCaps, PediaCare Children's Allergy, Q-Dryl, QlearQuil Nightitme Allergy Relief, Quenalin, Scot-Tussin Allergy Relief Formula, Siladryl Allergy, Silphen Cough, Simply Sleep, Sleepinal, Sominex, Tranquil, Twilite, Unisom Sleepgels Maximum Strength, Valu-Dryl, Vanamine PD, Z-Sleep, ZzzQuil, plus many others\par
\b\par
Bacterial sinusitis\par
\b0 Symptoms of acute sinusitis include:\par
\par
nasal congestion\par
thick yellow or green mucus discharge from the nose\par
sore throat\par
a cough, usually worse at night\par
drainage of mucus in the back of your throat\par
headache\par
pain, pressure, or tenderness behind your eyes, nose, cheeks, or forehead\par
earache\par
toothache\par
bad breath\par
reduced sense of smell\par
reduced sense of taste\par
fever\par
fatigueSymptoms of acute sinusitis include:\par
\par
nasal congestion\par
thick yellow or green mucus discharge from the nose\par
sore throat\par
a cough, usually worse at night\par
drainage of mucus in the back of your throat\par
headache\par
pain, pressure, or tenderness behind your eyes, nose, cheeks, or forehead\par
earache\par
toothache\par
bad breath\par
reduced sense of smell\par
reduced sense of taste\par
fever\par
fatigue\par
\par
treatment-\par
Deconjestant nazal sprays\par
antibiotics\b  \par
\par
\par
COUGH\b0\par
Symptoms\par
A chronic cough can occur with other signs and symptoms, which may include:\par
\par
A runny or stuffy nose\par
A feeling of liquid running down the back of your throat (postnasal drip)\par
Frequent throat clearing and sore throat\par
Hoarseness\par
Wheezing and shortness of breath\par
Heartburn or a sour taste in your mouth\par
In rare cases, coughing up blood\par
\par
treatment-\par
\b\lang9 benadryl\par
Benzonatate\par
Generic Name: benzonatate (ben ZOE na tate)\par
Brand Names: Tessalon, Tessalon Perles, Zonatuss\par
\par
HEADACHE-\b0\par
paracitamol,painkilller\par
\b\par
Flu Symptoms:\par
\b0 Fever* or feeling feverish/chills\par
Cough\par
Sore throat\par
Runny or stuffy nose\par
Muscle or body aches\par
Headaches\par
Fatigue (tiredness)\par
Some people may have vomiting and diarrhea, though this is more common in children than adults.\par
\par
treatment-\par
Tamiflu\par
Generic Name: oseltamivir (os el TAM ih veer)\par
Brand Names: Tamiflu\par
\par
}
 